Your hottest coach is back.
I'm Ataska. and I'm here to give you new lessons
that will spice up and bring more excitement
to your sex life.
This time it's steamier.
Bolder.
And spicier.
From six positions.
we update and upgrade the list into 15 best sex positions.
That you’d surely wanna try.
And would surely be your new craving.
I will teach you all of these.
Through the hottest scenes from your favorite VMX films.
Keep your eyes open.
And see the hottest stuff.
And feel the pleasure.
Let’s start with something playful
that will truly fulfill your fantasy.
With this one. all the action is in the reflection.
The mirror effect is a full turn on if you try it.
So. let's start with a bang!
My god!
This is not a tease.
Because I’m giving you two samples right away.
That can wait.
I’m gonna be late.
Yeah. yeah.
So good.
Yeah.
Oh. yeah.
For sure. you’re getting excited.
So here’s a position that would awaken your senses.
If you think the deeper the better.
the power penetration in stand and deliver is for you.
I'll prove it to you with this “Maharot” video.
Romantics. here’s the position that will boost your connection.
Real pleasure.
Intense eye contact.
One of my favorites.
Because I like to see my partner enjoying me.
I’m sure you wanna see me also enjoying it.
This position will definitely make your heart beat faster.
Along with the beat down under.
That surely must have made you sweat.
Now I’m gonna teach you another easy level position
with the support of high furniture.
In case the pounding shakes your world
and makes your knees go weak.
I know you like it because I do love it.
Get ready for this hot video from “Sundutan.”
Love...
maybe you could give my friend a job.
I knew you wanted something.
Love. please.
Later. I’ll think about it.
Are you tired?
Well for guys. just chill for now.
Sit back. relax. lay down. I got you.
For this position.
we. who are usually on the bottom. will take charge.
This one I really love when I want to take control.
Wherein I get to sway.
And I get to grind.
But I will still push him to the limit.
You want it. You got it.
Stretch all you want.
Next is something that will test your strength and stamina
when you're in the mood for something rough.
Because sometimes we want that force that will hit our core.
Just thinking about it makes me sweat.
Just like in “Sa Gabing Mainit.”
We have this mood that we’re so eager to do it.
When it doesn’t matter where. even if you have to stand.
Just lean on something sturdy then hit the spot.
This is also perfect when you wanna feel his abs and chest.
And have some extra intimacy and extra pleasure.
When you have someone. who’ll give you an extra helping hand.
Literally.
Just like in “Sundutan.”
The column is spicy and sexy when you’re at home.
motel or anywhere with a wall.
But what if you’re outside and itching to do it?
Well for me... I go for the tree pose.
Au naturel.
In nature. bare it all until you climax.
Do it if you dare.
If you want to try it. be inspired with “Paluwagan.”
Ah. Hector!
Oh. you feel so good!
Shit.
Ah. Hector...
It feels so good!
Hector! Shit!
Oh. you feel so good!
If you're still feeling shy.
I will heat you up with this tree pose inspo from “Las Ilusyunadas.”
Ladies. it's time for the more relaxed position.
But even if you’re just laying flat. you will still feel it to the fullest.
This is our version of Lazy Man.
So if you just want to be used in a good way.
this one’s for you.
We have a comeback from Kama Sutra.
This is an attainable fantasy as long as you’re wet from a body of water.
You won’t get cold in this.
Because you will get fired up with the underwater position.
You know that I love a good workout.
But I want a fun and workout that I won’t get tired of.
So. I’ll do it again and again.
Like when I bounce.
this position is flexible and can be done anywhere.
You can have a gym or yoga ball or just a sturdy sofa and chair.
That can hold the pounding.
It’s cardio and Big O at the same time.
Speaking of Big O. you can also reach it by standing.
Uh-huh.
To those saying it’s hard to do. keep it hard.
And watch how they do it in “Ekis.”
Do you want some change and challenge in your usual standing position?
Not just complicated but looks like an art form
because it’s like you’re dancing but the angle hits the spot.
It feels so good you’d want to hug your partner.
While you moan. You’d really wish to do this position.
Are your eyes satisfied?
We’re not done yet.
I hope you’re still hungry for more
because I’ll serve you an all time favorite.
This is a classic that I think will never go away.
You’ll understand when you watch it in “Sex Trip” and “Private Tutor.”
Let’s wrap this up.
Because I wanna try every position.
But I saved the best for last.
It takes two to tango but it takes three to threesome.
When you're feeling extra horny. you have to get an extra person
to do this.
Curious? Let me teach you.
I know that you enjoyed our 15 best sex positions and you want more.
This one’s for those in a hurry.
Minimum time. but maximum climb.
Reach your peak in a heartbeat.
Let's have a quick bonus round.
How was it? Do we have clients?
It’s pretty quiet.
Is that so? Well then. I’ll just go rest inside.
I’ll leave you in charge.
Okay. Ed.
Leave it to me.
Be quiet.
Fast. but it lasts.
So. to make sure you don’t miss a thing.
Let’s do one more round.
I’m so excited to try everything off cam and on cam.
So I can share through my upcoming VMX projects
how I experience these positions.
For sure it's going to be freaky. juicy and kinky.
I know you want it. so try it.
We ranked them. but feel free to do your own ranking according to your liking.
Find the position that works best for you.
but you know it's better to try them all.
Just rewatch your favorite VMX films.
or this one to complete your own 15 best positions checklist.
Always remember that it’s important
that you build the anticipation.
feel the connection and climax with satisfaction.
I'm your girl. your coach. Ataska.
Signing off here. but not in your head.